README.md, before:

# Test-Driven Development Materials

![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/zhendrikse/tdd?logo=git)
![GitHub last commit (branch)](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/zhendrikse/tdd/master?logo=git&color=blue)
![GitHub closed issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed-raw/zhendrikse/tdd?color=blue&logo=git)
[![Pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/zhendrikse/tdd?logo=git&color=blue)](https://github.com/zhendrikse/tdd/pulls)

Welcome to this repository that is literally packed with test-driven development (TDD) materials!
This repository contains [a huge collection of coding katas](./tdd-katas/README.md) with instructions in various languages, 
sample solutions, presentations, etc.

Be sure to also check out the information on 
[coding katas](https://github.com/zhendrikse/tdd/wiki/Coding-Katas), 
[coding dojos](https://github.com/zhendrikse/tdd/wiki/The-Katas-and-the-Coding-Dojo), 
[how they relate to the 24 DevOps key capabilities](https://github.com/zhendrikse/tdd/wiki/The-Katas-and-the-24-Key-Capabilities), 
and much more on
the [wiki pages that are part of this repository](https://github.com/zhendrikse/tdd/wiki).

## One-click start

[![Open in Gitpod](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in-gitpod-yellow?logo=gitpod)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/zhendrikse/tdd)
[![Open in Replit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in-replit-yellow?logo=replit)](https://replit.com/github/zhendrikse/tdd)
[![Open in GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in-github_codespace-yellow?logo=github)](https://codespaces.new/zhendrikse/tdd)
[![Open in CodeSandbox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in-CodeSandbox-yellow?logo=codesandbox)](https://githubbox.com/zhendrikse/tdd)
[![View slides in browser](https://img.shields.io/badge/View-slides-yellow?logo=reveal.js)](https://replit.com/@zwh/tdd/)


The TDD materials found here can be seamlessly integrated into 
[the Samman coaching method](https://www.sammancoaching.org/) 
and are very well-suited to be used in 
[coding dojos](https://github.com/zhendrikse/tdd/wiki/The-Katas-and-the-Coding-Dojo).

Just click on one of the above badges to effortlessly get started in one of the cloud development 
environments (CDEs)! 

# Contents

![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/zhendrikse/tdd?logo=git&color=blue)
[![Lines](https://tokei.rs/b1/github/zhendrikse/tdd)](https://github.com/zhendrikse/tdd)
![GitHub language count](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/zhendrikse/tdd?logo=git&color=blue)
![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/zhendrikse/tdd?label=kata%20contributors&logo=git&color=blue)
![GitHub top language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/zhendrikse/tdd?logo=python&color=blue)
[![Ideas & Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/zhendrikse/tdd?label=ideas%20and%20issues&color=blue&logo=git)](https://github.com/zhendrikse/tdd/issues)

This repository contains materials for both practicing and teaching TDD
in the form of courses, workshops, and/or coding dojos.

| Directory | Content | 
|:--------- |:--------| 
| [<code>cookiecutter</code>](./cookiecutter/)     | [Cookiecutter](https://github.com/cookiecutter/cookiecutter) templates for setting up a kata in various languages | 
| [<code>docs</code>](./docs/)                     | Additional free books |
| [<code>kata-solutions</code>](./kata-solutions/) | Sample solutions for the katas in various languages | 
| [<code>presentations</code>](./presentations/)   | [View presentations](https://replit.com/@zwh/tdd) live| 
| [<code>tdd-katas</code>](./tdd-katas/)           |  <ul><li>[README.md](./tdd-katas/README.md)  &rarr; Summary of which topics are addressed by which kata at which level of difficulty</li><li>Huge collection of Coding katas </li></ul> |
| [<code>tools</code>](./tools/)                   | Playgrounds for getting acquainted with tools, libraries, and frameworks such as [approval testing](https://approvaltests.com/) | 

# Coding dojos

## In the office

![Coding dojo](./assets/zeger_teaching.jpg)

## On-line

![Coding dojo](./assets/DojoInAction.png)

## Testimonies

> Ik steek veel op van de dojo's, maar heb soms ook het idee dat ik echt nog maar de punt van de ijsberg heb
> geleerd en er nog VEEL meer is waar we nog een jaar meer door hadden kunnen gaan &mdash; [Rogier van Dinther](https://github.com/rogierdinther)
---
> We gaan ons best doen om gewoon door te blijven leren. En wie weet is er uiteindelijk toch iemand met budget om een nieuwe coach in te huren &mdash; [Walter Vos](https://github.com/waltervos)
---
> Jammer dat jou werk voor NS erop zit. Voor mij was het leerzaam en heeft het best veel nieuwe inzichten gegeven! Jou kennis en kunde waardeer ik dan ook zeer! &mdash; Ian Hulsbos
---
> Ik wil voorop stellen dat ik het een hele leuke dag vond. Dank aan Zeger voor het enthousiasme en voorbereiding!!!
---
> Op aanraden van [naam verwijderd] heb ik gevraagd aan [naam verwijderd] of we Zeger kunnen inhuren tbv van voortzetting vd Coding Dojo’s &mdash; Bert Huisman
---

# References

## Links

- [TDD or: How I learned to stop worrying and love writing tests](https://medium.com/ns-techblog/tdd-or-how-i-learned-to-stop-worrying-and-love-writing-tests-ef7314470305)
- [TDD and legacy code: creating a snapshot with approval tests](https://medium.com/ns-techblog/tdd-and-legacy-code-creating-a-snapshot-with-approval-tests-252327b6c72e) 
- [TDD and legacy code: moving behavior back to where it belongs](https://medium.com/ns-techblog/tdd-and-legacy-code-moving-behavior-back-to-where-it-belongs-db0a7ef8575f)
- [TDD and small steps: the Christmas tree kata](https://medium.com/ns-techblog/tdd-and-small-steps-the-christmas-tree-kata-ee23a8152a4b)
- [Test Double TDD Wiki](https://github.com/testdouble/contributing-tests/wiki)
- [Let's play: test-driven development](https://www.jamesshore.com/v2/projects/lets-play-tdd)
- [Test-Driven Development (TDD): A Time-Tested Recipe for Quality Software](https://semaphoreci.com/blog/test-driven-development) 

## Contact

Feel free to contact me at: **zeger** _&lt;dot&gt;_ **hendrikse** _&lt;at&gt;_ **gmail** _&lt;dot&gt;_ **com** for e.g.:
- Feedback and suggestions
- Offering any of the katas in other languages than offered here
- Facilitating a course and/or [coding dojos](https://codingdojo.org/WhatIsCodingDojo/), where apprentices can practice [katas](http://codekata.com/) together (with me as sensei 😉).

## Credits

Pictures in this repo are legally taken from [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com). 

## License
  
Shield: [![CC BY-SA 4.0][cc-by-sa-shield]][cc-by-sa]

This work is licensed under a
[CC-BY-SA-4.0 license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/). Attribution: [github.com/zhendrikse/tdd](https://github.com/zhendrikse/tdd).

[![CC BY-SA 4.0][cc-by-sa-image]][cc-by-sa]

[cc-by-sa]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/
[cc-by-sa-image]: https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png
[cc-by-sa-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY--SA%204.0-lightgrey.svg

Commit message:

added open with codeanywhere badge to README file
Signed-off-by: mojafa <jmohsa@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Test-Driven Development Materials

![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/zhendrikse/tdd?logo=git)
![GitHub last commit (branch)](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/zhendrikse/tdd/master?logo=git&color=blue)
![GitHub closed issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed-raw/zhendrikse/tdd?color=blue&logo=git)
[![Pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/zhendrikse/tdd?logo=git&color=blue)](https://github.com/zhendrikse/tdd/pulls)

Welcome to this repository that is literally packed with test-driven development (TDD) materials!
This repository contains [a huge collection of coding katas](./tdd-katas/README.md) with instructions in various languages, 
sample solutions, presentations, etc.

Be sure to also check out the information on 
[coding katas](https://github.com/zhendrikse/tdd/wiki/Coding-Katas), 
[coding dojos](https://github.com/zhendrikse/tdd/wiki/The-Katas-and-the-Coding-Dojo), 
[how they relate to the 24 DevOps key capabilities](https://github.com/zhendrikse/tdd/wiki/The-Katas-and-the-24-Key-Capabilities), 
and much more on
the [wiki pages that are part of this repository](https://github.com/zhendrikse/tdd/wiki).

## One-click start

[![Open in Gitpod](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in-gitpod-yellow?logo=gitpod)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/zhendrikse/tdd)
[![Open in Replit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in-replit-yellow?logo=replit)](https://replit.com/github/zhendrikse/tdd)
[![Open in GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in-github_codespace-yellow?logo=github)](https://codespaces.new/zhendrikse/tdd)
[![Open in CodeSandbox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in-CodeSandbox-yellow?logo=codesandbox)](https://githubbox.com/zhendrikse/tdd)
[![View slides in browser](https://img.shields.io/badge/View-slides-yellow?logo=reveal.js)](https://replit.com/@zwh/tdd/)
[![Open in VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open%20in-VS%20Code-blue?logo=visualstudiocode)](https://vscode.dev/github/zhendrikse/tdd)
[![Open in Glitch](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open%20in-Glitch-blue?logo=glitch)](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/import/github/zhendrikse/tdd)
[![Open in StackBlitz](https://developer.stackblitz.com/img/open_in_stackblitz.svg)](https://stackblitz.com/github/zhendrikse/tdd)
[![Open in Codeanywhere](https://codeanywhere.com/img/open-in-codeanywhere-btn.svg)](https://app.codeanywhere.com/#https://github.com/zhendrikse/tdd)

The TDD materials found here can be seamlessly integrated into 
[the Samman coaching method](https://www.sammancoaching.org/) 
and are very well-suited to be used in 
[coding dojos](https://github.com/zhendrikse/tdd/wiki/The-Katas-and-the-Coding-Dojo).

Just click on one of the above badges to effortlessly get started in one of the cloud development 
environments (CDEs)! 

# Contents

![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/zhendrikse/tdd?logo=git&color=blue)
[![Lines](https://tokei.rs/b1/github/zhendrikse/tdd)](https://github.com/zhendrikse/tdd)
![GitHub language count](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/zhendrikse/tdd?logo=git&color=blue)
![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/zhendrikse/tdd?label=kata%20contributors&logo=git&color=blue)
![GitHub top language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/zhendrikse/tdd?logo=python&color=blue)
[![Ideas & Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/zhendrikse/tdd?label=ideas%20and%20issues&color=blue&logo=git)](https://github.com/zhendrikse/tdd/issues)

This repository contains materials for both practicing and teaching TDD
in the form of courses, workshops, and/or coding dojos.

| Directory | Content | 
|:--------- |:--------| 
| [<code>cookiecutter</code>](./cookiecutter/)     | [Cookiecutter](https://github.com/cookiecutter/cookiecutter) templates for setting up a kata in various languages | 
| [<code>docs</code>](./docs/)                     | Additional free books |
| [<code>kata-solutions</code>](./kata-solutions/) | Sample solutions for the katas in various languages | 
| [<code>presentations</code>](./presentations/)   | [View presentations](https://replit.com/@zwh/tdd) live| 
| [<code>tdd-katas</code>](./tdd-katas/)           |  <ul><li>[README.md](./tdd-katas/README.md)  &rarr; Summary of which topics are addressed by which kata at which level of difficulty</li><li>Huge collection of Coding katas </li></ul> |
| [<code>tools</code>](./tools/)                   | Playgrounds for getting acquainted with tools, libraries, and frameworks such as [approval testing](https://approvaltests.com/) | 

# Coding dojos

## In the office

![Coding dojo](./assets/zeger_teaching.jpg)

## On-line

![Coding dojo](./assets/DojoInAction.png)

## Testimonies

> Ik steek veel op van de dojo's, maar heb soms ook het idee dat ik echt nog maar de punt van de ijsberg heb
> geleerd en er nog VEEL meer is waar we nog een jaar meer door hadden kunnen gaan &mdash; [Rogier van Dinther](https://github.com/rogierdinther)
---
> We gaan ons best doen om gewoon door te blijven leren. En wie weet is er uiteindelijk toch iemand met budget om een nieuwe coach in te huren &mdash; [Walter Vos](https://github.com/waltervos)
---
> Jammer dat jou werk voor NS erop zit. Voor mij was het leerzaam en heeft het best veel nieuwe inzichten gegeven! Jou kennis en kunde waardeer ik dan ook zeer! &mdash; Ian Hulsbos
---
> Ik wil voorop stellen dat ik het een hele leuke dag vond. Dank aan Zeger voor het enthousiasme en voorbereiding!!!
---
> Op aanraden van [naam verwijderd] heb ik gevraagd aan [naam verwijderd] of we Zeger kunnen inhuren tbv van voortzetting vd Coding Dojo’s &mdash; Bert Huisman
---

# References

## Links

- [TDD or: How I learned to stop worrying and love writing tests](https://medium.com/ns-techblog/tdd-or-how-i-learned-to-stop-worrying-and-love-writing-tests-ef7314470305)
- [TDD and legacy code: creating a snapshot with approval tests](https://medium.com/ns-techblog/tdd-and-legacy-code-creating-a-snapshot-with-approval-tests-252327b6c72e) 
- [TDD and legacy code: moving behavior back to where it belongs](https://medium.com/ns-techblog/tdd-and-legacy-code-moving-behavior-back-to-where-it-belongs-db0a7ef8575f)
- [TDD and small steps: the Christmas tree kata](https://medium.com/ns-techblog/tdd-and-small-steps-the-christmas-tree-kata-ee23a8152a4b)
- [Test Double TDD Wiki](https://github.com/testdouble/contributing-tests/wiki)
- [Let's play: test-driven development](https://www.jamesshore.com/v2/projects/lets-play-tdd)
- [Test-Driven Development (TDD): A Time-Tested Recipe for Quality Software](https://semaphoreci.com/blog/test-driven-development) 

## Contact

Feel free to contact me at: **zeger** _&lt;dot&gt;_ **hendrikse** _&lt;at&gt;_ **gmail** _&lt;dot&gt;_ **com** for e.g.:
- Feedback and suggestions
- Offering any of the katas in other languages than offered here
- Facilitating a course and/or [coding dojos](https://codingdojo.org/WhatIsCodingDojo/), where apprentices can practice [katas](http://codekata.com/) together (with me as sensei 😉).

## Credits

Pictures in this repo are legally taken from [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com). 

## License
  
Shield: [![CC BY-SA 4.0][cc-by-sa-shield]][cc-by-sa]

This work is licensed under a
[CC-BY-SA-4.0 license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/). Attribution: [github.com/zhendrikse/tdd](https://github.com/zhendrikse/tdd).

[![CC BY-SA 4.0][cc-by-sa-image]][cc-by-sa]

[cc-by-sa]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/
[cc-by-sa-image]: https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png
[cc-by-sa-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY--SA%204.0-lightgrey.svg
